Companies hire different types of employee including:
	Full-time employee. Full-time employees work 40 hours a week and are
typically paid on a salary basis (or gross income) that does not change
during the year. They may also have access to benefits provided by the
company, like healthcare coverage and 401(k). The payroll for a full-time
employee is computed by using the following formula:
Period pay=(gross income - healthcare deduction - 401(k) deduction) * (1
- tax withholding rate)
where gross income, healthcare deduction, 401(k) deduction and tax withholding
rate are different for different employees.
	Part-time employee. Part-time employees usually work less than 30 hours
per week and are paid hourly. The payroll for a part-time employee is
calculated as follows:
Period pay=hourly rate * hours worked * (1 - tax withholding rate)
where hourly rate, hours worked and tax withholding rate are different for
different employees.
	Contract employee. Contract employees are hired for a specified period
of time outlined in a contract. The number of work hours for a contract
employee may vary for each contract, but they are not limited to 40 hours
per week. The payroll for a contract employee is computed as follows:
Period pay=contract total/(contract period/length of pay interval)
where contract total and contract period are different for different contract
employees, and the length of pay interval is assumed to be monthly. For
example, if the contract total is $240,000 and the contract period is 2
years, then the period pay or monthly pay is
Period pay=$240,000 / (24 months / 1 month) = $10,000

Apply the controller
pattern, visitor pattern, the expert pattern, and the iterator pattern
to design a simple application. When the application is launched, it shows a
window with buttons and/or menu items for doing the following functions and
display the results. You can assume that a collection of all employees is created
and initialized when the application starts. The application must provide the
following functionalities:

Show Payroll for all of the employees. That is, it computes and displays
the payroll for all of the employees. Hint: you apply the expert pattern
and iterator pattern here — that is, each employee object computes its
payroll.
